The idea is to grab everything from Atomic Highway books and translate it to 100DOS for a race creation handbook.

I expect this to go well.

Acid Bite- 1L 1d6 rounds
Acid Grip- 1L for contact
Agile Flight?
Amphibious- Bonus to swimming and breath holding?
Armored- Natural armor that doesn't obstruct armor.
Bioluminescence- 6 hours of light per day
Body Morph- physically changing appearance
Boneless- floppy bag at will
Breathe Fire- Fire(1d5) once a day
Bulging Eyes- Near 360 vision, reaction/notice buff
Burning Gas- 6L gas attack once a day
Burrow- Move thru dirt and sand at half move, leaving tunnel behind fitting their size, can expand for penalty.
Carnivorus- Alternate eating for photosynthetics
Chameleon- color and pattern changing.
Chemical Charming- Animals or Plants ignore these.
Climber- Bonus to climbing branches and the like.
Draw Water- Naturally aquire moisture, no need to drink.
Drill- Natural weapon can pierce wood.
Echolocation- They have detailed spacial sense from sound.
Edible Growths- Nutritious, Toxic, or Medicinal.
Electroreception- sense electrical currents in mechanical or living beings
Elongate- Get stretchy at will.
Enduring- Bonus Wounds
Enhanced Sense- Bonus to particular sense, some covered.
Exoskeleton- Bulky shell not allowing armor.
Extra head- Share physical attributes but different mentals and skills. May have arguments with itself.
Fireproof
Flash packets- built in flash grenades/deku nuts.
Food Reservoir- Get a hump to store food and water.
Furnace Gut- can eat any non-toxic organic material.
Hard Gill- Exoskeleton gets tiny hairs that hold spare air and add to armor.
Healing Molt- Exoskeleton can replace lost body parts.
Honey Crop- Body cavity that can hold safe things.
Honey Production- makes a meal per day of honey.
Hypermobile- contortionist joints
Independant Eyes- Can look in two directions at once.
Invisible Silk- Silk is transparent with penalty to spot it.
Irritant Bristles- Spiney hairs that impale. nuff said.
Leaping- put a name and price range to Skirmisher jumping
Mimic- Perfectly replicate sounds.
Null- Imune to psychic powers.
Patagia- Gliding Membranes between limbs.
Photosynthetic- Needs sunlight instead of food?
Prehensile Apendage- Tail or Trunk with bonus to some actions.
Prehensile Feet- Use feet like hands when not walking on them.
Regenerative- Heals faster
Rooting- Become the dandilion, and be unmovable.
Scented- Smells nice for bonus to people that smell them.
Shell- Bony armor that can't be combined with worn armor, lesser protection to extremities.
Silk Production- Make spider silk.
Sonic Screech- Scream to deafen unprotected ears.
Spines- Spikes on the back that protect the character a little. They can curl in a ball to make it all over. Can combine with Armored. Spines can be used as knives, and do damage as such.
Spit Glue- Web them boys down, amirite?
Spit Venom- Get snaky with it.
Spore cloud- built in mace?
Spray Acid- 7DTD Cop style
Steel Mandibles- Drill can now pierce steel.
Stench- skunk it up.
Sticky Globules- get a grip and keep it too.
Sticky Silk- Spider silk now sticky.
Super Strength- Exoskeleton gains lift bonus.
Toxic Sap- Getting bit poisons biter.
Toxic Skin- Jungle Frog skin.
Toxin Adaptation- take it once and gain immunity.
Toxin Resistance- Blanket bonus to resistance.
Vampiric- Drink blood for HP
Venom- Snakebite
Wall Crawler- Can climb smooth surfaces/cielings at half move. already covered?
Wandering Eye- mobile eye that provides owner independant sight. Grows back if squished.
Water Runner- Can charge or sprint across water, but sink if they stop.
Waxy Exoskeleton- Heat Insulation
Wilt- Plants can play dead.
Wind Catcher- sail on the wind like dandelion fluffs.
Winged- Replace arms with wings and feet with prehensile feet.

Flaws
Allergy- Something puts you down and makes you swell.
Color Blind- Obvious
Cosmetic Flaw- Obvious but harmless difference, social penalty
Crude Hands- Ag penalty for fine details.
Distinctive Odor- You smell like you and can't do a thing about it.
Dull Sense- penalty in a sense.
Ectothermic- Being Cold blooded has disadvantages.
Fragile- Wounds penalty
Glowing- Your skin glows just bright enough to give you away in the dark.
Hemophilia- Bleeding is much more common and more dangerous.
Light Sensitive- Penalty in bright light
Moisture-Dependant- Have to stay wet or you dry out and die.
Partial Biped- drops to all fours to charge or run.
Psychic suceptability- Psychic powers have a bonus on you.
Repulsive- Goddamn ugly, and kills your CH.
Selective Diet- self explanatory
Slow- Speed penalty
Speech Impediment- has difficulty being understood. Fckin Scooby Doo style.
